# twitter_sentiment_analysis

Abstract - 
Sentiment analysis is a very interesting filed for research-based project work. It has significant importance in e-commerce and many other public fields. There are many resources available online to collect public data. Sentiment analysis from tweets has attracted more attention nowadays due to the COVID-19 pandemic situation. Twitter is a part of our regular life. Twitter is used as a micro-blogging site where people can post and interact with each other, it is the best platform to collect the audience’s emotions. Sentiment Classification seeks to identify a piece of text according to its author’s general feeling toward their subject, be it positive or negative. Traditional machine learning techniques have been applied to this problem with reasonable success. In this project work, we present data pre-processing with help of predefined lexicons and labelled with sentiment polarity and build a supervised machine learning model from word count vector with its polarity. We have used several supervised techniques like the Naive Bayes technique, Random forest technique, Decision Tree technique and Logistic regression technique. We have analysed the outcome result of every method from two different datasets. Dealing with tweets many circumstances were present like Emojis, Emoticons, Digits, Website links, many special characters in a tweet text. It is very difficult to build a high accuracy machine learning model with those things, in this project we have removed the emojis, emoticons, website links, digits, and special characters from the dataset. We got the highest accuracy on the sentiment balanced dataset with the Logistic regression approach.
